1. can there be a duplicate?
2. what if everything is the same?
3. what if the difference between the numbers is very small? (applies to some questions)
4. are you covering the edge case for all of the code or just a specific part?
5. are you resetting all your variables after each iteration? (if needed)
6. for double for loops: using m++ or i++?
7. run through your code... does everything work?
8. look are your if-statements/restrictions.. test these... are they right? are you missing anything?
9. use cout throughout the code to make sure everythings right
10. when using the min function, don't set the initial variable to 0, set it to INT32_MAX (usaco doesn't accept INT_MAX)
11. do not erase values while iterating
12. make sure nothing is able to go out of bounds.. especially with arrays, check max N, M, etc.
13. read problem description... does it state to use a long long?
14. in 2D vectors, the [i] is the vector in the vector and the m is the value in the list
15. in a map<?, vector>, map[key] functions basically the same as a vector
16. check where your for loop starts and ends: remember that using < or > means that the end is excluded
17. when couting, check your entire code to see if there are any other couts that might've also been printed
18. if "impossible" is a possible answer, think of ways that something can be impossible
19. does changing one variable change the variables before it?
20. check indices, which structures start with index 0 and which start with index 1?
21. make up small test cases with random numbers, where everything is the same, negative numbers, "0", etc.
22. sometimes numberes are given as strings that are extremely big. if your problem involves using mod, using mod earlier in your code can help.
23. avoid arrays
24. if a number randomly changes its probably because of an array. three options to fix: add another array below, change number to a static, or make array into vector
25. 2d array/vector: y comes first then x ex: arr[y][x] 
26. when doing problems with long testcases, DO NOT HAVE EXTRANEOUS COUTS! They take a lot of time
